
* We assume that the data servers are all empty in the begining
* All the entries / data is created only by a valid pnfs client that we have written
* Even though we can have data in data sevrers and the corresponding meta data for them can be
  created while the data servers registers - this is not taken care of [ out of scope ]
* When the meta data server is started, a list of ds servers is given to it. This list cannot be 
  altered later. This functionality is out of scope for us. This can be acheived however it is 
  out of scope of the proposal. 

 
* Our current design is a PC, if the servers are killed, then everything is started a-fresh 

Title : Minimal Implementation of pNFS like distributed filesystem

People Imvolved : Ravikumar Manjunath, Sanjeev Bagewadi

Abstract (150 ~ 300 words)

Section 1: Introduction and motivation (~1 pages)
Section 2: Background information necessary to make the report self contained (0.25~1 pages)
Section 3: Proposed solution (1~2 pages)
    o clearly state the nature of the project (e.g. implementation of a real system, simulation, theoretical,
      empirical performance evaluation, survey, etc)
    o be specific about what techniques you plan to use, what existing software and systems you will use, etc

Section 4: Evaluation (1~3 pages)
    o Be specific with the evaluation methodology, metrics measured, and variables you explored
    o Since all of your projects were systems level projects, where you built some system, or at least you
      analyzed some existing system, I expect you to have a significant performance evaluation section, with
      empirical results!
    o I don't want to see lots of graphs/tables, without clear explanation on what the experiment was, why did
      you do it, what were the variables that you fixed and what were the variables that you varied, metrics
      used (make sure you defined them somewhere), and what did you learn from the experiments

Section 5: Related work (0.5~1 page)
    o What others have done that is similar to what you are proposing
    o Be specific in what is different in your work from that which has been proposed previously

Section 6: Conclusion (0.5~1 page)
    o What have you learned?
    o How have you evaluated that your project was a success?
    o What future work would you do, if you were to pursue this further?
    o For those of you doing a group project, make sure to clearly state each person's contribution

Section 7: References (at least 5 references, but I expect more like 10~20 references)
    o Use as many formal references as possible, and only use online material (e.g. a web site, wikipedia entry,
      etc) when absolutely necessary

Using the guidelines above, you are likely going to have a final report that will range between
5 pages to 10 pages long. I doubt you can fit all of the required information in anything less
than 4 pages, and I don't want to see a report that is longer than 15 pages. If you want to meet
with me anytime between now and when this report is due, feel free to setup an appointment via email.

